# Sending Mixed Messages: Random Walk-Based Approaches to Improving Anonymity in Multi-Hop Wireless Networks (Sample)
## Samuel A. Feuer, under the advisement of Professor Victoria Ursula Manfredi

This repository contains the code and plots used for Samuel Feuer's undergraduate honors thesis. It was copied here for logistical reasons, and is intended to be viewed as a sample of his code. Below is a description of each document and folder in this repository. If you have any questions, you can email Sam at sfeuer45@gmail.com.

## Networks
The **networks** folder contains all example networks used throughout the project. Make sure to use the function nx_convert_nodes_to_integers() when reading any of these graphs to avoid potential bugs.

The networks in this folder follow a naming scheme, listing the graph topology, its order, the (stringified) value of its main parameter, and a random seed if necessary.

The graph topologies and their corresponding parameters are:
- rand_geo: a random geometric graph. The parameter value is its radius.
- rand_er/erdos_renyi: an Erdos-Renyi graph. The parameter value is its edge probability.
- barbell: a barbell graph. The parameter value is its complete subgraph size.
- rand_reg: a random regular graph. The parameter value is each node's degree.
- wreath: a cluster wreath graph--see the thesis for more information. The parameter value is its wheel size.

## Experiments
- **graph_properties.py** contains all functions for conducting experiments on unenhanced subgraphs. These include functions for random graph generation, metric calculation, subgraph selection, and plotting results.
- **expansion_improvement.py** contains all functions for conducting experiments on enhanced subgraphs. These include functions for enhancing the graphs and plotting the results.

## Results
The **plots_final** folder contains all plots generated by graph_properties.py and expansion_improvement.py. These also follow a naming scheme:

- The first part of the name indicates which enhancement (if any) the plot is comparing with unenhanced subgraph selection. 
    - __cnbr__ indicates that the graph simply plots metrics for unenhanced subgraphs
    - __super__ and __trans__ indicate that the graph compares unenhanced subgraph metrics to super-subgraph and 1-step trans-subgraph performance, respectively
    - The plots investigating these enhancements are in their own subfolders, called __super__ and __trans__
- The second part of the name indicates what metric is being plotted. 
    - __gap__ indicates spectral gap, __dist__ indicates mean travel distance to subgraph, and __cost__ is mixing cost with alpha = 0.5
    - For more information on these metrics, please refer to the metrics section of the thesis.
- The third part of the name indicates the network being examined.
    - See the naming scheme above.
- Each name ends with "I1", representing 1 randomized iteration. If multiple randomized graphs were used and the average metric was graphed, then this is indicated with a larger number.

- The **csvs_final** folder contains csv files containing all of the data plotted in **plots_final**. These files follow the same naming scheme.

## Graphics

The **graphics** folder contains all graphics used in the thesis, including example networks. These networks were mostly generated by the **draw_graphs.py** file. This file contains functions for drawing networks, as well as drawing unenhanced and enhanced subgraphs selected by the MCN algorithm.